Hi, my name is Caroline and this is Amanda,
we're here at Encore Gymnastics and we're
going to teach you how to do a front flip.
We're going to start by stretching, so go
ahead and stretch your ankles, right and left.
Turn around in a couple circles on each leg.
Very good. You're also going to want to stretch
your hamstrings, so she's going to stand up
and grab the back of her foot and push this
forward. A good way to make this stretch work
is by squeezing your bottom and the other
leg. There's a lot of stress on your legs
when you land a front tuck because there's
so much momentum in it. And you always want
to stretch your wrists and your neck as well.
Very good. For starting a front tuck you're
going to punch off the ground, so she's going
to take a few steps and then just punch straight
up. Very good. The next step we would do that
same exact thing but she's going to punch
up and pull her knees into her stomach, so
into a tuck position, same thing, pull your
knees in this time. Very good. So we're going
to have three body positions, the first one
is going to be going up in the straight body,
the second one is over into the tuck, and
the third one is again with the bent knees,
both bent knees landing, landing. Very good,
right there, so those are the three positions
your body is going to go through in the front
tuck. We're going to go ahead and bring her
up onto the block to show you all the way
through. You're going to start up and big
jump, finish on the other side, very good.
We're going to have her do that all on her
own. She's not quite landing it because she's
leaning a little bit forward, so when you
do your front tuck you're going to want to
go up a little bit more, go ahead and do one
more for us. Pull it all the way around. And
there it is, that's a front tuck.